docs: Update setup guide for v0.4.0 (#308)
genlayerlabs/genlayer-docs: pages/validators/upgrade.mdx

  A fully Zero-downtime upgrade procedure is coming in a future update. 
</Callout>

## v0.3.x → v0.4 (Breaking Change)

`v0.4` switches to a new consensus deployment with staking. For this reason, the validator must be set up from scratch without reusing the old database stored at `data/node/genlayer.db`.
You do not need to keep your existing validator node running while you download and configure the new version.

- Stop the node if it is running.
- Back up the `configs/node/config.yaml` file so that you can refer to any values you have set in the previous version.

> - Back up the `data/node/keystore` folder so that you use your previous operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Back up the `data/node/keystore` folder so that you can maintain your previous operator key.
```

> - Back up the `data/node/keystore` folder so that you can maintain your previous operator key.

Reviewer 2: We should explain how to use this key as operator
